IGNITE-24430 Added documentation about migration of the control utility to the thin client protocol (#11856)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/tools/control-script.adoc

== Connecting to Cluster

> NOTE: Starting from Apache Ignite version 2.17, the utility by default uses a connection through the thin client protocol (configured on a node via 'org.apache.ignite.configuration.ClientConnectorConfiguration'). See link:#migration-to-the-thin-client-protocol[migration notes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Starting from Apache Ignite version 2.17, the utility by default uses a connection through the thin client protocol (configured on a node via `org.apache.ignite.configuration.ClientConnectorConfiguration`). See link:#migration-to-the-thin-client-protocol[Migration Notes] for more information.
```
